Data accuracy is one of the primary factors
that can determine the quality of the data
in your inventory system.
Data accuracy determines whether the data
for an item has correct values,
such as quantities and pricing.
For data to be accurate,
all values must be correctly entered
into the system.
For example, a shipment of gloves
need to be entered into the VistA system.
The price and quantities need to be accurate
so you know how many gloves you have
and the total inventory dollars tied to that item.
If this is inaccurate, you may have less
on hand than you need to meet patient care needs.
Or if the dollar value is inaccurate
then it may look like you paid less for the item
which then poses a risk when you need
to purchase the item again
and expect to pay the incorrect price.